Okay, so I've been having layers of abstraction issues.

The Event system will be manipulated by both a syntactic language and an expressive, 
pictoral one based on conditional chains. Think Steve's Factory Manager.

The pictorial language will be tedious but simple, the syntactic language is, well - 
another language. Actually I can just implement it as a subsection of Python!
    Note: actually do this. Identify the atomic functions which I want to be
          done and just code those directly.

In designing the Event system I should start with a very broad idea of the use-conditions:
    what I plan on using the Event system for. Maybe, "questions" is what I need here.
    The questions that the Event system answers.

===

Broad strokes:
The ES governs how the player's interactions with the world have push-back.
If the player moves to a cave where a gorilla lives, the gorilla might attack
    the player. 

If the player presses a button, a door might open. Or if the player places an
    item in a piece of scenery*.

AI thoughts and actions are events as well. I can probably set up a way to 
    program AI using just connective logic. Thoughts can just be sequences of
    symbols and AI system can take them in. We can divide up thoughts into 
    "concept-words", and have the system go through a long chain of decisions
    to come to the appropriate action. 
        Long chain is a binary tree - "is X concept present?". It can connect
        up with itself, a lot.

* A prop. Essentially just an item which can't be kept in an inventory. 

===

Some thoughts on Blueprint:
    It makes the most sense to have Blueprint be an extension of Python:
a series of simple commands that I can reuse for various rooms.

Aeneas would be the simpler implementation built off of Blueprint.

The issue I'm having is that the implementation of this "simpler language"
is in-of-itself a simpler language: instead of writing, "r@h" I can just
write "r in h" and have Python override the containment operators in order
to make this happen. 

I have the rough draft for the first act of "Going Down" written: I should
work on trying to implement it and use that as a grounds for everything else.


